Well, since the Mad Dragon King forgives his innocence
I'll hold him accountable.
Isn't it true that I am honest and deceiving people?
Adults should not be soft-hearted
Leave today and I will forgive you
But this is not your future in Zhonghai
Unbridled capital
Hope you can take care of yourself
What about the battle of loyalty, my lord?
Since the Mad Dragon King said that the Dragon King is alive
I will find a way to invite him out of the mountain
Leave it all
Boy, the god of war will forgive you, but I will not forgive you
Wait to die, boy
From now on, there will be no place for you to stand in Zhonghai
And your Li family dares to recruit him as a group
Bankrupt you in minutes
Just because you are mediocre and incompetent
short-sighted man
Be careful that stealing chicken is not anti-food
Luming
Our Li family is really going to be killed by you
Crazy, you take yourself too seriously
Everyone here
Who is not the business boss of Zhonghai?
Just because you pair us up and talk wildly
Then you can try it open.
Pharmacy on order
Take a contract and send it to Lijiang